Postoperative weakness
Give Xiao Rui Bao a medicated diet to nourish and nourish
Helps with wound recovery
Has Zuo Yin not been contacted yet?
I've made a dozen calls
Miss Zuo never picked up
Is there anything wrong with Liu Lao Xiaorui's body?
Something big happened
What's wrong with Xiao Rui's original rate barrier?
But now his muscle tone is actually recovering
Simply put
If there is no miracle
He's going to be quadriplegic in two months.
vision loss
I'm just using extreme means to extend his life
He also has the most
Only half a year to live
You you
You are already the top expert in the country
Is there anyone else better than you?
Is medicine better?
This master's art is far above mine
I didn't expect it.
A small Sioucheng actually hides this big man
If you can get him to do it again
Xiao Rui
Will live for decades
Ning Shao, hurry up and come to the West Hospital
Let me meet the physician in charge
But uncle
Ling Shao is here
Why didn't you serve me sooner?
Why aren't you curious to welcome it yourself?
Liu Lao, the holy hand of Chinese medicine
What kind of luck has our hospital had recently?
Phantom again
It's another top-level spirit beast
Even Liu Lao, the top national doctor in China, has come
These three Buddhas
Which one can make Shu Cheng without stomping his feet?
The big shot in Zhenshan Town
I want to meet the doctor who operated on the leader's child
Is that okay?